docs/rewording (#11357)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/styled-components.md

gatsby new styled-components-tutorial https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-hello-world
```

> Second, we'll install the Styled Components and Gatsby plugin for Styled Components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we'll install the necessarily dependencies for `styled-components`, including the Gatsby plugin.
```
